Alright, here's what you just learned.
Configure SSL/TLS on brokers and Java clients.
Set up SASL/SCRAM authentication for producers and consumers.
Create and manage ACLs to enforce least-privilege access.
Stick with me here.
This is the part where real understanding happens.
Don't just watch and forget.
Go practice.
Build it in code.
Explain it to someone.
That's how it sticks.
The complete Apache Kafka course with cheatsheets and mock interviews is at guru-sishya.in slash apache-kafka.
Drop a like if this helped.
You now know how to configure ssl/tls on brokers and java clients, set up sasl/scram authentication for producers and consumers, and explain the trade-offs in an interview.
Ab interview mein dhoom machao!